_pages/home.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: "Welcome to pyOpenSci"
author_profile: false
published: true
site-map: true
permalink: /
header:
    overlay_image: images/header.jpg
    overlay_filter: 0.6
    actions:
        - label: "Resources"
          url: "/resources/"
        - label: "GitHub"
          url: "https://github.com/pyOpenSci"
---

## About pyOpenSci

pyOpenSci promotes open and reproducible research through peer-review of
scientific Python packages. We also build technical capacity by providing a
curated repository of high-quality packages and enabling scientists to write
and share their own software. We hope to foster a greater sense of community
among scientific Python users so that we can help each other become better
programmers and researchers. See our [list of Python packages](python-packages.html)
for an idea of the open-source projects that pyOpenSci has assisted.

pyOpenSci is being modeled after the successful [rOpenSci](https://ropensci.org/) community.

## Get Involved

There are many different ways to get involved with pyOpenSci.

1. **[Join a community meeting](#community-meetings)**: We have monthly video meetings that you are welcome to attend.
2. **[Join our community forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group/)**. This is an online space
   for discussion within the pyOpenSci community. Announcements for new meetings will be posted here.
3. **Submit a package to pyOpenSci**. We are looking for Python packages that
   support scientific Python community. Read more about our
   [review process and scope](https://www.pyopensci.org/dev_guide/peer_review/aims_scope.html)
4. **Volunteer to be a reviewer for pyOpenSci**. We are looking for people who
   can help review software packages as they are submitted.
5. **Help with technical infrastructure**. pyOpenSci has a few pieces of technical
   infrastructure (like this site) which need maintenance and development.
6. **Spread the word**! pyOpenSci is a community-driven project. Tell your friends,
   recommend that a colleague submit a package, mention us at conferences, spread the word!

### Community meetings

Currently, the pyOpenSci team holds community meetings roughly every 2 weeks. These are
held remotely, and open to anyone who would like to attend. We discuss ideas for improving
the process / technology / community management / etc of the pyOpenSci community, and
would value your participation!

The best place to find information about the next community meeting is
[in the community forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group). We post dates / times
for new meetings there.

### Who's Involved

See our [contributors page](contributors.html) for a list of the contributors
in the pyOpenSci community.

## FAQ

### What's the difference between pyOpenSci and JOSS?

The [Journal of Open Source Software](https://joss.theoj.org/) is a community dedicated
to improving the visibility and quality of scientific software. They do
so by providing a lightweight review and publishing process so that authors
of packages can publish their packages with a DOI and citable artifact.
JOSS reviews are limited in scope and the
[submission criteria](https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/review_criteria.html)
are less stringent than those of pyOpenSci.

pyOpenSci encourages a more hands-on approach in the review process, and
focuses more around software best-practices than publishing.
We encourage our reviewers to provide more hands-on assistance and
give more in-depth feedback than is typically required in JOSS. The goal
of pyOpenSci is to ensure that all of its packages meet a minimum level
of best practices and standards, and our review processes often take longer
in order to help authors reach this bar.

pyOpenSci has a close relationship with JOSS, and we see these two communities
as complementary of one another. **Any package that passes the pyOpenSci review and is [within scope](https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submitting.html#submission-requirements) for JOSS
can be fast-tracked through the JOSS review process** (with the exception of a few
JOSS-specific tasks you may need to perform). We hope that this encourages
authors to submit to both JOSS and pyOpenSci.

Commit message:

one small update about accepting api-wrappers.

_pages/home.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: "Welcome to pyOpenSci"
author_profile: false
published: true
site-map: true
permalink: /
header:
    overlay_image: images/header.jpg
    overlay_filter: 0.6
    actions:
        - label: "Resources"
          url: "/resources/"
        - label: "GitHub"
          url: "https://github.com/pyOpenSci"
---

## About pyOpenSci

pyOpenSci promotes open and reproducible research through peer-review of
scientific Python packages. We also build technical capacity by providing a
curated repository of high-quality packages and enabling scientists to write
and share their own software. We hope to foster a greater sense of community
among scientific Python users so that we can help each other become better
programmers and researchers. See our [list of Python packages](python-packages.html)
for an idea of the open-source projects that pyOpenSci has assisted.

pyOpenSci is being modeled after the successful [rOpenSci](https://ropensci.org/) community.

## Get Involved

There are many different ways to get involved with pyOpenSci.

1. **[Join a community meeting](#community-meetings)**: We have monthly video meetings that you are welcome to attend.
2. **[Join our community forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group/)**. This is an online space
   for discussion within the pyOpenSci community. Announcements for new meetings will be posted here.
3. **Submit a package to pyOpenSci**. We are looking for Python packages that
   support scientific Python community. Read more about our
   [review process and scope](https://www.pyopensci.org/dev_guide/peer_review/aims_scope.html)
4. **Volunteer to be a reviewer for pyOpenSci**. We are looking for people who
   can help review software packages as they are submitted.
5. **Help with technical infrastructure**. pyOpenSci has a few pieces of technical
   infrastructure (like this site) which need maintenance and development.
6. **Spread the word**! pyOpenSci is a community-driven project. Tell your friends,
   recommend that a colleague submit a package, mention us at conferences, spread the word!

### Community meetings

Currently, the pyOpenSci team holds community meetings roughly every 2 weeks. These are
held remotely, and open to anyone who would like to attend. We discuss ideas for improving
the process / technology / community management / etc of the pyOpenSci community, and
would value your participation!

The best place to find information about the next community meeting is
[in the community forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group). We post dates / times
for new meetings there.

### Who's Involved

See our [contributors page](contributors.html) for a list of the contributors
in the pyOpenSci community.

## FAQ

### What's the difference between pyOpenSci and JOSS?

The [Journal of Open Source Software](https://joss.theoj.org/) is a community dedicated
to improving the visibility and quality of scientific software. They do
so by providing a lightweight review and publishing process so that authors
of packages can publish their packages with a DOI and citable artifact.
JOSS reviews are limited in scope and the
[submission criteria](https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/review_criteria.html)
are less stringent than those of pyOpenSci.

pyOpenSci encourages a more hands-on approach in the review process, and
focuses more around software best-practices than publishing.
We encourage our reviewers to provide more hands-on assistance and
give more in-depth feedback than is typically required in JOSS. The goal
of pyOpenSci is to ensure that all of its packages meet a minimum level
of best practices and standards, and our review processes often take longer
in order to help authors reach this bar. pyOpenSci also accepts some packages 
that JOSS does not such as API wrappers to access data.

pyOpenSci has a close relationship with JOSS, and we see these two communities
as complementary of one another. **Any package that passes the pyOpenSci review and is [within scope](https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submitting.html#submission-requirements) for JOSS
can be fast-tracked through the JOSS review process** (with the exception of a few
JOSS-specific tasks you may need to perform). We hope that this encourages
authors to submit to both JOSS and pyOpenSci.
