README.md, before:

# pyopensci.github.io
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

This is the website for pyOpenSci. Contributions welcome!!

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://chrisholdgraf.com"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1839645?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Chris Holdgraf</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-choldgraf" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/commits?author=choldgraf" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.earthdatascience.org"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/4017492?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jenny Palomino</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-jlpalomino" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Ajlpalomino" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/commits?author=jlpalomino" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://anitagraser.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/590385?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Anita Graser</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-anitagraser" title="Blogposts">📝</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://cosmicbboy.github.io/"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2816689?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Niels Bantilan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-cosmicBboy" title="Blogposts">📝</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/xmnlab"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/5209757?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Ivan Ogasawara</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-xmnlab" title="Blogposts">📝</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://twitter.com/githubbers"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/11934090?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>David Nicholson</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-NickleDave" title="Blogposts">📝</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

add dev instructions for website (#44)

README.md, after:

# pyopensci.github.io
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

This is the website for pyOpenSci. Contributions welcome!!

## Development Environment

If you want to contribute to the pyopensci website and you wish to test your changes locally prior to submitting a pr, 
do the following.

1. You will need to have ruby and bundler installed on your machine.
2. Fork and clone this repository. 
3. Run `bundle install` in the root of this repository directory to install of the gems needed to run the site locally
4. Once bundle install is complete, `bundle exec jekyll serve` will create a local host that you can use to run and view the site on your computer locally. 

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://chrisholdgraf.com"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1839645?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Chris Holdgraf</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-choldgraf" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/commits?author=choldgraf" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.earthdatascience.org"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/4017492?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jenny Palomino</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-jlpalomino" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Ajlpalomino" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/commits?author=jlpalomino" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://anitagraser.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/590385?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Anita Graser</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-anitagraser" title="Blogposts">📝</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://cosmicbboy.github.io/"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2816689?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Niels Bantilan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-cosmicBboy" title="Blogposts">📝</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/xmnlab"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/5209757?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Ivan Ogasawara</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-xmnlab" title="Blogposts">📝</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://twitter.com/githubbers"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/11934090?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>David Nicholson</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-NickleDave" title="Blogposts">📝</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
