---
layout: single
title: "SciPy 2025: Open Code, Open Science: What’s Getting in Your Way?"
excerpt: "Join us for an interactive discussion on pain points that you are experiencing with developing and maintaining reusable software and code."
author: "pyopensci"
event:
  start_date: "2025-07-10"
  location: Online
permalink: /events/pyopensci-scipy25-bof-packaging-challenges.html
header:
  overlay_image: images/headers/pyopensci-sustainability.png
categories:
  - events
classes: wide
type: "event"
last_modified: 2025-07-03
comments: true
---

## <i class="fa-solid fa-box-open"></i> Learn how to create your first Python package!

* **When:** Thursday, 10 July 2025 @ 1:15–2:10 PM Pacific Time
* **Where:** Room 315 @ SciPy Meeting 2025 in Tacoma, Washington
* **Session leaders:**
    * Leah Wasser
    * Inessa Pawson
    * Carol Willing
    * Jeremiah Paige
    * Tetsuo Koyama
    * Avik Basu



[<i class="fa-regular fa-circle-right"></i> View our session abstract](https://cfp.scipy.org/scipy2025/talk/3ZHYMH/){: .btn .btn--success .text-center }

Collaborating on code and software is essential to open science—but it’s not always easy. Join this BoF for an interactive discussion on the real-world challenges of open source collaboration. We’ll explore common hurdles like Python packaging, contributing to existing codebases, and emerging issues around LLM-assisted development and AI-generated software contributions.

We’ll kick off with a brief overview of pyOpenSci—an inclusive community of Pythonistas, from novices to experts—working to make it easier to create, find, share, and contribute to reusable code. We’ll then facilitate small-group discussions and use an interactive Mentimeter survey to help you share your experiences and ideas.

Your feedback will directly shape pyOpenSci’s priorities for the coming year, as we build new programs and resources to support your work in the Python scientific ecosystem. Whether you’re just starting out or a seasoned developer, you’ll leave with clear ways to get involved and make an impact on the broader Python ecosystem in service of advancing scientific discovery.


{% include connect-with-pyos.html %}
